Workspace mapping release notes (#1900)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

## February 14, 2023

### Authorize Workspaces to clusters

:::info

> This feature in [Public Preview](feature-previews.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a [Public Preview](feature-previews.md) feature.
```

:::

<PremiumBadge />

> You can now keep teams and projects isolated by authorizing Workspaces to specific clusters. After you enable Workspace authorization for a cluster, only authorized Workspaces can host Deployments in the cluster. Use this feature to gain manage cloud resources by ensuring that only authorized Deployments are running on specific clusters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can now keep teams and projects isolated by authorizing Workspaces to specific clusters. After you enable Workspace authorization for a cluster, only authorized Workspaces can host Deployments in the cluster. Use this feature to better manage cloud resources by ensuring that only authorized Deployments are running on specific clusters.
```

> You can now keep teams and projects isolated by authorizing Workspaces to specific clusters. After you enable Workspace authorization for a cluster, only authorized Workspaces can host Deployments in the cluster. Use this feature to better manage cloud resources by ensuring that only authorized Deployments are running on specific clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now keep teams and projects isolated by authorizing Workspaces to specific clusters. After you enable Workspace authorization for a cluster, only authorized Workspaces can host Deployments in the cluster. Use this feature to better manage cloud resources by ensuring that only authorized Deployments run on specific clusters.
```

> Configure Workspace authorization in the **Clusters** tab of the Cloud UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable Workspace authorization in the  Cloud UI:
1. Click the **Clusters** tab.
2. Click a cluster name in the clusters list.
3. Click the **Workspace Authorization** tab.
4. Click **Edit Workspace Authorization**.
5. Click **Restricted** and then select the Workspaces that can host Deployments in the cluster.
6. Click **Update**.
```
Or, you can link to an existing procedure!

## February 14, 2023

### Authorize Workspaces to clusters

:::info

This is a [Public Preview](feature-previews.md) feature.

:::

<PremiumBadge />

You can now keep teams and projects isolated by authorizing Workspaces to specific clusters. Use this feature to better manage cloud resources by ensuring that only authorized Deployments are running on specific clusters.

> To authorize Workspaces to clusters, see [Authorize Workspaces to a Cluster](modify-cluster.md#authorize-workspaces-to-a-cluster)

Author: ```suggestion
To authorize Workspaces to clusters, see [Authorize Workspaces to a Cluster](modify-cluster.md#authorize-workspaces-to-a-cluster).
```
